get out drugging me is gonna keep me
from Brett
cutting a deal with the Dukes pretty
stupid shade
can be controlled
Shay you gotta hide the whole time you
have no backbone at all
oh come on you can do it it red white it
is that my parent house mom we take you
trying to hide yourself you look you
hurt that girl when you get angry you
lose control
your father's right it's for your own
good come with the DUP unloading me
because I was a problem
Oh put the phone down now can't do this
to her
she should got it
it was just a kid
hurry up again the dup are going to make
this better she promised us
oh just take whatever you want
I'm so sorry I was confused because he
hit me
and that's where my men found you it was
Shane who took your brother he's the one
who put you there
out of control given the chance would
you kill him
then do it
fetch me a favor honey to tell this gal
that I am 100% normal American I already
knew you were stories honor but I had to
make you relive it to get you back to
the point where you gave up